Now that we are in essence we created or hear again comments and then know here we're going to say this
is going to be hash tag customers here like this.
And then we're going to say padding let's say 40 pixels we're here like this right.
So padding around then we're going to have a background.
And this is going to be hash tag 1 9 1 9 1 9 and like this.
And then we're going to have customer.
So it's a dot customer are you doing this.
And then we're going to say this is going to be color here right.
So now we're dealing with each customer and this is going to be here if 5 1/2 5 5 5 5 we're like this
it's going to be the color of a text align center like this.
And my 20 pixels and 0.
So again 20 pixels in between and zero on the site that we're going to have a customer image customer
image here image and then we're going to have a border radius border radius let's say over here 50 percent
year on this and then I'm going to say Max I'm here with and I'm going to say 200 pixels so and never
it's going to be bigger than 200 pixels and it doesn't matter on the screen size is always going to
be 200 pixels like this.
All right then we're going to have a customer.
This is going to be heading three.
We're all going to say margin 10 pixels.
And this is going to be 0 then after We're going to be text transform we're going to say capitalize
on this and the color is going to be the blue one to be here 9 8 F 0.
I really like this and then we're going to have a customer having five customer paragraph.
So what are we going right over here customer.
And this is going to be having five.
So what we would want is we would want text transform uppercase this and then we're going to say that
this is going to be a killer and we're going to have a color over here of 9 5 9 5 9 5.
So hashtag 9 5 9 5 9 5 1 here and the last one is going to be paragraph.
So I'm going to say we're here customer and we're off.
This is going to be A-line high at one point five like this.
And then we're going to have a with with it's going to be 75 percent more here right.
But since we want to place it in the center we're going to see margin top bottom 10 pixels here and
on the side and it's on our placing them over here in the center.
And after that we would want to add media queries for responsiveness.